docs(book): document the current memory layout (#1422)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/async-support.md

<!-- TODO: Power consumption optimization -->

> ## Memory Layout

Reviewer: yeah, `async-support.md` really seems like the wrong place. how about `memory-layout.md`?

Author: I've moved the section to a dedicated page.

This section is intended to give a relatively high-level overview of the memory layout used by Ariel OS across processor architectures and MCU families.
Minor variations across them are omitted for clarity.
Additionally, no stability guarantees are currently provided regarding the memory layout.

> [!TIP]
> If needed, the following command can be used to obtain the exact locations of sections:
>
> ```sh
> readelf --sections <path-to-elf>
> ```

> - Ariel OS places the ISR stack, `.isr_stack` (`.stack` on Xtensa), before the `.data` section and at the very beginning of the RAM on architectures and MCUs that allow it.

Reviewer: `on architectures and MCUs that allow it` -> footnote which platforms currently do that.

Author: Done.

  This provides a form of stack overflow protection, as write attempts would then collide with the boundary of the physical RAM and trigger a fault, instead of overwriting `static` data.
  See the [`flip-link` crate][flip-link-readme] for an explanation of the technique.
- Async tasks are allocated statically, as individual `static`s, anywhere in the `.bss` section.
- The thread stacks, if [multithreading][multithreading-book] is enabled, are currently allocated as individual `static`s, anywhere in the `.bss` section.
- If [multithreading][multithreading-book] is enabled, and if the MCU has two symmetrical cores and [`multi-core`][multicore-support-book] is enabled, the ISR stack of the second core is allocated as a `static`, anywhere in the `.bss` section.
- Depending on the architecture, the uninitialized section is either called `.uninit` or `.noinit`.
- The heap, if enabled, takes the remaining space.

>   `heapsize_required` allows link-time checking that there is enough space for the heap.

Reviewer: `heapsize_required` should always be set if heap is needed, that non-esp uses the remaining space is more of a quirk, I think. We need to teach users early here. Can reword/move later.

```suggestion
  `heapsize_required` ensures that there is enough space for the heap (at link time).
   On some platforms (`esp`), the heap will *only* take `heapsize_required`.
```

>   `heapsize_required` allows link-time checking that there is enough space for the heap.

Author: I've rephrased the previous sentence as it wasn't correct on ESPs, and got the suggestion in.

    - RISC-V ESP32: https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv/blob/187453b7904f997c4aa679d5bcf135f16c8853f8/riscv-rt/link.x.in#L129
    - Xtensa ESP32: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/blob/d9815b205115b3403d798c28f1bfee4c9eea8fd1/xtensa-lx-rt/xtensa.in.x#L36
- Location of the `.bss` section
    - Cortex-M: https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/blob/84e5c011068f01b7716684d20f45841cdfe3f285/cortex-m-rt/link.x.in#L161
    - RISC-V ESP32: https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv/blob/187453b7904f997c4aa679d5bcf135f16c8853f8/riscv-rt/link.x.in#L150
    - Xtensa ESP32: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/blob/d9815b205115b3403d798c28f1bfee4c9eea8fd1/xtensa-lx-rt/xtensa.in.x#L47
- Location and name of the `.uninit`/`.noinit` section
    - Cortex-M: https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/blob/84e5c011068f01b7716684d20f45841cdfe3f285/cortex-m-rt/link.x.in#L175
    - RISC-V ESP32: https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv/blob/187453b7904f997c4aa679d5bcf135f16c8853f8/riscv-rt/link.x.in#L168
    - Xtensa ESP32: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/blob/d9815b205115b3403d798c28f1bfee4c9eea8fd1/xtensa-lx-rt/xtensa.in.x#L55

> -->

Reviewer: (did not check links)

<!-- These diagrams can be rendered with Svgbob https://github.com/ivanceras/svgbob -->

<figure>
<pre>
           .-------------. - beginning of RAM
           |      ⋮      |
           +-------------+ -
           |             |
         | |             | ^

> Addresses| | .isr_stack  | | ≥ isr_stacksize_required + executor_stacksize_required

Reviewer: As noted, this is only on Cortex-M (and esp32-c3/6?). Mark somehow, like, `(*)` + footnote, or `[.isr_stack]`, or both?
